# Software-Engineer-Role
Essay of Software Engineer Role
Being a Software Engineer is more than just programming. It is a chance to help other people through the power of technology and influence their life through programs that could help them with day-to-day tasks. There are several reasons why I chose software engineering as my career choice and why I think it is great. The first reason is that it allows me to be very creative. I enjoy the challenge of solving problems of all kinds.The solution to a given problem can be expressed in many ways, both structurally and in the details. In addition, most of the time it involves creating new functionality that never existed before.

The second reason is that fact that it allows me to work in a collaborative environment. Collaboration is extremely important in any workplace, especially in co-working environments. The opportunity to interact with others in the workplace increases my chances for success in whatever I am doing. Software engineering projects are inherently cooperative, requiring many software engineers to coordinate their efforts to produce a large software system.This gives me a chance to work with people in like colleagues, product managers and customers. Collaboration is one of the best educations as a software engineer because I can learn from the experiences of others.

The other reason I want to become a software developer is that it gives me the ability to act on my ideas immediately. The tools are right at my fingertips and the possibilities are endless. I am the kind of person that constantly writes my ideas down as soon as they originate and half of the stuff I write down requires software development. Being able to program may be as important as writing in the future. 

In conclusion, there are many more reasons on why becoming a software engineer interests me in addition to the reasons mentioned above. I believe that I chose the right career path because Software Engineering is growing rapidly and more growth is expected in the field for several years, providing excellent job opportunities.
